1-2. A computation is the act of producing some outputs based on some inputs, such as producing the result (output) 49 from the argument (input) 7 using the computation (function) square.  
3. Our job as programmers is to express computations 
  - correctly
  - simply
  - efficiently
4. An expression computes a value from a number of operands
5. We use statements when we want to produce several values, do something many times, choose among alternatives, get input or produce output. 
6. lvalue is a value that can appear on the left-hand side of an assignment. 
  Operators that require an lvalue are lval=a, ++lval, --lval, lval*=a. 
  The assignment operators require the left operand to be and lvalue. In increment and decrement operators operands must be modifiable lvalues.
7. A constant expression is a named object to which you can't give a new value after it has been initialized. 
8. A literal is a value that can be used to initialize a variable like an integer, character, boolean, float, string.
9. A symbolic constant is a named object to which you can't give a new value after it has been initialized. Such constants are useful for keeping code readable. 
10. A magic constant is a non-obvious literal in code, such as 299792458 which is the speed of light in vacuum measured in meters per second. 
11. Assignment, addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, remainder, increment by 1, decrement by 1, increment by n, decrement by n, multiply and assign, divide and assign, remainder and assign, read from s into x, write x to s, equals, not equals, greater than, greater than or equal, less than, less than or equal.
12. Remainder, remainder and assign.
13. Assignment, concatenation, add to end.
14. When we compare against many constants.
15. The most common error/problem with switch-statements is to forget to terminate a case with a break. 
16. The for-statement initializer, the for-statement condition, the for-statement body, the for-statement increment.
17. Using a for-statement yields more easily understood and more maintainable code whenever a loop can be defined as a for-statement with a simple initializer, condition, and increment operation. Use a while-statement only when that's not the case. 
18. Take an int argument and return a char. 
19. Programs are usually easier to write and to understand if each function performs a single logical action. 
20. Addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, remainder.
21. Concatenation, add to end.
22. 2
23. 
for (int i = 0; i<v.size(); ++i) {
    cout << v[i] << '\n';
  }
24. vector<char> alphabet(26) does vector of 26 chars initialized to ''.
25. push_back() adds a new element to a vector. The new element becomes the last element of the vector.
26. It gives the number of elements of the vector.
27. A vector is is one of the simplest, and arguably the most useful, ways of storing data.
28. We use a variant of the standard-library sort algorithm, sort().
