An abstraction means hiding details that we don't need to use a facility behind a convenient and general interface.

A function is a named sequence of statements.

An rvalue is an operand used on the right-hand side of an assignment or initialization.

A declaration is a statement that gives a name and a type to an object.

Iteration is doing the same thing to a series of objects.

Statement is producing several values, doing something many times, choosing among alternatives, getting input or producing output.

While-statement are an iteration technique. 

Outputs are results of programs.

A range-for-statement is a simple loop over all the elements of a sequence. 

Repetition in programming is called iteration.

A conditional statement is an if-statement or a switch-statement.

An input is an argument of a program.

sort() is a variant of the standard-library sort algorithm.

else is second part of an if-statement.

A member function is a function of an object that must be called using dot notation.

push_back() is a member function of vector, which adds a new element to a vector.

Computation is the act of producing some outputs based on some inputs.

Incrementing is adding 1 to a variable

size() is a member function of vector that gives the number of elements of a vector.

Divide-and-conquer is taking a large problem and dividing it into several little ones.

lvalue is a value that can appear on the left-hand side of an assignment.

A vector is a sequence of elements that you can access by an index.

A for-statement is like a while-statement except that the management of the control variable is concentrated at the top where it is easy to see and understand.

An if-statement is the simplest form of selection between two alternatives.

Selection is an act of selecting among alternatives.

A definition is a declaration that sets aside memory for an object.

A loop is a way of doing something several times.

A switch-statement is a selection based on comparison of a value against several constants.

Expressions are the most basic building blocks of programs.
